Fixed Error in Access Key Docs (#361)
near/NEPs: specs/DataStructures/AccessKey.md

}
```

> There are 2 types of `AccessKeyPermission` in NEAR currently: `FullAccess` and `FunctionCall`. `FullAccess` grants permissions to issue any action on the account. This includes [DeployContract](Transaction#DeployContract), [Transfer](Transaction#Transfer) tokens, call functions [FunctionCall](Transaction#FunctionCall), [Stake](Transaction#Stake) and even permission to delete the account [DeleteAccountAction](Transaction#DeleteAccountAction). `FunctionCall` on the other hand, can **only** be used to call a specific set of predefined methods on one given contract. It has an allowance of $NEAR that can be spent on **GAS and transaction fees only**. Function call access keys **cannot** be used to transfer $NEAR.

Reviewer: Afaik the FunctionCall can also be used to give permissions for all methods not just specific.
Also the build checks are failing because the links are not working... I guess they should point to Actions instead?

```suggestion
There are 2 types of `AccessKeyPermission` in NEAR currently: `FullAccess` and `FunctionCall`. `FullAccess` grants permissions to issue any action on the account. This includes [DeployContract](Actions#DeployContract), [Transfer](Transaction#Transfer) tokens, call functions [FunctionCall](Transaction#FunctionCall), [Stake](Actions#Stake) and even permission to delete the account [DeleteAccountAction](Actions#DeleteAccountAction). `FunctionCall` on the other hand, **only** grants permission for all or a specific set of methods on one given contract. It has an allowance of $NEAR that can be spent on **GAS and transaction fees only**. Function call access keys **cannot** be used to transfer $NEAR.
```

Author: You're correct in that function call access keys can be used to call any method (if specified). I'll rewrite to make it more explicit. I'll also double check the links.
